it is a little bit bigger than before , but still fits in your pants pockets just fine .
The old ones are hard plastic , and they just kinda go in and sit there .
they are on there good and tight
it is this little indent on both stems that you squeeze to do things .
But the big sell is noise cancellation , and there are several ways to turn it on .
there are several ways to turn it on .
that this noise cancellation is legit
these are not over - ear noise canceling headphones like those from Sony or Bose
And the answer is good , very good
They are balanced
they are neutral
the ear tips seal results in a big improvement to base , which is right I want where it to be on these earbuds .
Now , there are headphones that offer more deeper base , like the Powerbeats Pro , or the Echo buds from Amazon , and others .
These are not audiophile headphones
they are fun , and they are well suited for everything from Taylor Swift to Miles Davis .
they are well suited for everything from Taylor Swift to Miles Davis .
So my question is , are these still the best way to make voice calls on the go ?
which are only $ 130
battery life on the AirPods Pro is good for 4.5 hours of continuous playback , with the noise canceling on
But that battery is nowhere near the Powerbeats Pro , which can last nine hours on a single charge , albeit , they do not do noise cancellation .
Now , the saving grace with AirPods , just like always , is the case , which holds enough juice for 24 hours of total listening time .
Now , these are minor issues , and they do not happen very often
any bugs are kind of disappointing
which is good
it is still not the ideal experience , so you might be better off with the Echo buds , Sony 's , Samsung 's Galaxy buds , or even the Powerbeats Pro for that battery life they have .
This is a problem for the entire category of true wireless earbuds .
None of them are what you would call repairable .
They are a great product , but be cool to the earth .
the sound quality is a big improvement compared to previous models .
They are not perfect , but they are inching very close .