And it is GoPro 's second attempt at a consumer level , 360 camera .
which is the successor to the GoPro Fusion that came out in 2017
This is the widest angle GoPro 's made
There are mics on all but one side and it shows the same super satisfying rubber buttons and button layout as the Hero8 .
The touchscreen on the Max is a bit smaller than the touchscreen on the back of the Hero , but its menu system is identical .
its menu system is identical .
The big plus here is if you 're vlogging or taking a selfie
The Max is waterproof up to 16 feet .
But that proofing is merely for protection at this point .
that it is really difficult to stitch underwater footage
The screen is super responsive , but you can not scroll around your frame in 360 mode since the screen has swiping gestures such as swiping down to reach the main menu .
If you lean into that warped , super fisheye look that only a 360 camera could give you , the footage is sick .
Skin tones are true to life and it is not afraid to overexpose the highlights of it .
it is not afraid to overexpose the highlights of it .
even if you are color correcting
The stitching is most noticeable at the top and the bottom of the frame .
Over - all though , once you export the 360-degree footage , the stitch is pretty clean .
The audio , however , is probably the best I have seen on a camera this size .
it is windy out
Guys , when I say it is windy out , it is like actually very windy out .
And then there are those PowerPano photos .
which is when the Max just records the time lapse
The time warp feature in 360 mode , which is when the Max just records the time lapse , is really cool , but it is a total battery killer .
it is a total battery killer .
Otherwise , the battery performance is on par with the Hero8 .
Even though it is a different battery .
360 cameras are only accessible though if you can do something with the footage .
And it is basically just when the camera 's using one lens as opposed to two .
the footage is stable , the fact that it maxes out at 1440p60 is noticeable .
the fact that it maxes out at 1440p60 is noticeable
when the subject is close to the camera
So when climbing down this trail , which to be fair , is a slanted surface
And the Max is no different .
But when you put all of that into the form factor of a GoPro , a workflow I have been using for years , it is way more approachable .
But it is the most fun and user - friendly 360 camera I have used today .