the iPhone 11 is the phone most people in the iOS ecosystem should get if they are upgrading
They are basically just nice updates to the iPhone XS
iPhone 11 Pro Max is a bad name
it is a great phone
This is the best camera I have ever seen on a phone
It is a little heavier and thicker
the rear glass is now stronger and it comes in this frosted matte finish
The whole back and the bump is a single piece of glass that 's milled out
The iPhone 11 is the reverse
the camera bump is matte
it is really nice , especially in this new midnight green color
Now Apple 's USB - C charger is not the smallest or prettiest charger out there .
But anything is better than the slow 5W brick it is been including for years , so I will take it .
no camera is good enough to make you switch .
switching from iOS to Android is much easier .
There are three cameras on the iPhone 11 Pro .
which is basically twice as wide as the main lens and f/2.4
the f/2.2 front camera is now 12 megapixels , 
The iPhone 11 cameras are an enormous improvement over the XS , and beat the Pixel and Galaxy Note 10 in most of our tests .
But zoom and do 100 percent crop and the improvement from the iPhone XS to the iPhone 11 main camera is stunning .
The iPhone 11 is way sharper , with way more detail .
it is a little better to my eye than the Pixel 3 .
This improvement is due to something Apple 's calling semantic rendering .
This is all basically the same as the iPhone XS and the Pixel 3 , except the Pixel does not grab that overexposed frame .
Smart HDR is also less aggressive in flattening the photos .
which is a testament to how powerful Apple 's A13 processor really is
The improvements to Smart HDR are applicable across cameras .
the 11 is just a much sharper photo with more detail .
Now there are places where the iPhone 11 did not win in our tests .
while the 11 is a definite improvement
And while the 11 is a definite improvement , this photo is really blue .
the iPhone is not bad .
It is a lot better than the XS was last year .
it is really impressive .
In low light , Apple is not afraid of underexposing the blacks , whereas Samsung and Google will bring them up .
Now all these comparisons are great , but chances are you will not be recording on all of these phones side by side at the same exact time .
chances are you will not be recording on all of these phones side by side at the same exact time .
The video from the rear cameras , though , is really good .
Like , in perfect light , it is honestly just impressive .
Switching between lenses is pretty seamless in terms of color accuracy and exposure .
But there is no image stabilization , which should not be a problem because naturally , the wider the lens , the less need for that .
The color is punchy and pretty saturated and in perfect lighting
It is not intuitive and it is just time - consuming .
the video on the 11 Pro is the best I have seen on a smartphone to date .
The screen on the iPhone 11 Pro is a new OLED that Apple is calling the Super Retina XDR display .
Those bezels are still pretty big , though , especially compared to something like the Galaxy Note 10 .
This is the third year of the basic iPhone X design and Apple 's competitors have not been sitting still in trying to beat it .
The big upgrades to the screen are around brightness and power efficiency .
But it is a huge and obvious improvement when you 're watching HDR movies .
it is just a lot brighter and punchier on the 11 Pro display compared to the XS .
It is basically a surround decoder .
which is a little silly for stereo speakers
which is basically just long pressing on things with haptic feedback
some things are actually a little easier to figure out .
Rearranging icons on the home screen is a little simpler to figure out since there 's a context menu that pops up now .
Peeking at links in Safari is a little different in iOS 13 , but it is also a little simpler .
it is also a little simpler .
if the trade - off is that there 's more room inside the case for a bigger battery
As I mentioned earlier , it is really hard to test those claims .
that the only hard numbers Apple publishes are like hours of video playback
which is not how anyone uses a phone
That is a huge improvement over my XS Max , which generally runs for eight to nine hours
it is not like the A12 Bionic in the iPhone XS is slow .
Face ID is a little bit faster and works at more angles , but it is not particularly dramatic , it just works a little bit better .
anything that makes securing your phone a little bit better is great .
iOS 13 is pretty buggy
iOS 13.1 is already in beta and scheduled for wide release by the end of this month .
Assuming all the bugs get fixed , the biggest new feature in iOS 13 is Dark Mode , which is very nice .
which is very nice
But otherwise , this is a lot of tiny little updates .
Reminders is a much better app .
There are better photo editing tools and you can edit videos as well .
Siri 's voice is slightly smoother .
It is a lot of little things that add up into a big update
If you 're in the iOS ecosystem and it is time to upgrade , it is a pretty tough choice this year .
And if you want a smaller phone , the iPhone 11 Pro is a little bit smaller than the iPhone 11 , which seems a tiny bit unfair to people who want a smaller phone .
The entire lineup is still pretty big , though .
they are worth the year - over - year upgrade from last year 's models for the first time in a long time