this is one of the phones I was looking forward to the most this entire year for 2019 for a couple of reasons .
this is my honest review
it is a pretty decent looking phone
it is low - key really clean
the whole back of the phone on two of the colors is this soft touch matte finish which does a great job of not showing fingerprints
this Panda version is the best one
oh so orange is in second place .
but at least it is matte
then that jet - black weirdly very glossy version is in third place
since the rails are still matte black
the pixels square camera bump is again annoyingly a little bit raised .
the phone is now ip68 water - resistant
so they are not front - facing pair .
but they are still a good sounding solid pair with the slots at the bottom
the worst part about the way this phone looks is the front the part
which is new in any smartphone
the face unlock is the only biometric unlock
it is incredibly fast
it is super impressive 
it is still infrare
but it is still a little bit wild
even if your eyes are closed
as of right now they are just pretty annoying my solution is turn off the skip lockscreen option
it is a little safer
so it is less of like a big arm movement although that sometimes does work .
but it is more of like a casual swipe and not too close to the phone like right around .
the real problem is it does not show you or tell you how to do it
there is not actually any feedback .
it is the new display pixel 4 and pixel 4 XL have made the jump to smooth high res high refresh rate .
because this is a 30fps video
though it is not the brightest display
sometimes daytime visibility is pretty weak unfortunately .
which is a lot better than the F.
like it is almost always at 90 Hertz
okay this is not great .
it is not my favorite implementation of 90 Hertz .
but it is almost like a tease that it switches back and forth so much .
now it is always smooth .
it is definitely even worse now closer to addy .
but at least it is smoother now .
it is not nearly as dramatic and overall .
it is not the flashiest or most eye - catching or dramatic display on any smartphone
just it is not the flashiest or most eye - catching or dramatic display on any smartphone it does not curve over the edges or anything
but it is 90 Hertz .
it is 1440p .
it is OLED
it is flat
it is a 12 megapixel primary camera and a new 16 megapixel 2x tell photocamera .
but they are excellent photos
the improvements in the viewfinder are cool
portrait photos are better now because you have two lenses and you can finally do depth data between them .
that they are about the same matter of fact
the best thing about having a telephoto camera is for zoomed in photos .
the question still is is this the best camera in any smartphone because I think we can all agree pixel 3 was top of the stack last year .
question still is this the best camera in any smartphone
that are really cool and nitesite
it is a toss - up depending on the scenario
because it is more versatile it has the ultra wide and it absolutely crushes it in video like video
it is more versatile
how smart it is as a smart phone you already heard about the radar bubble and the smart unlock
so text - to - speech is way faster and way more consistent .
the best part of a pixel again is how refined Android is if you want the latest version of Android .
but this is not a phone I 'm gon na go around recommending to everyone it still needs a bigger battery .
and it is just generally not complete for most people .
which is in a tiny group of people who really like high refresh rate screens of course
the pixel is a bit overpriced for the storage
it is great for people like that
because there are just better deals out there right now including the cheaper iPhone 11